# Buddy Report - Flask Blog - 2/12/2020

For this project I was paired with Grayson and Noah. 

I felt like Grayson definitely put a good and honest effort into the project. I feel like he struggled a little bit because I believe it was his first time working with python and html which was probably a little bit of an overload in addition to other classes. We met up twice to work on the project outside of class and he was on time both times and we worked on the project for probably 3 hours the first time and about 2 hours the second, so I know he really tried. Some ideas we came up with in our group were making a `<webroot>/<view_name>` for html files in addition to markdown files, passing the directory list to the html `/all` page, and formatting/using file I/O for the `/edit/<page_name>` page, which helped both of us meet the requirements. Something I learned wasn't neccessarily related to the coding aspect, but was that it really helped to talk the more complex ideas out with someone else to understand what I was doing better.

Noah definitely had a harder time with the project, and I understand that he didn't quite have the background that Grayson and I had (he had only taken 111 and was in 112), but I felt like there were some ways he could've put more effort into the project. For starters, when we met up the first time the week befor the due date, he came between 30mins to 1 hour late and only stayed for a fraction of the time that Grayson and I stayed, and out of that time he barely touched the lab computer. The second time we met, he stayed for the whole time, but it seemed like he hadn't started working on the project at all, and Grayson and I had to walk him through stuff that was covered in the first couple of days to get him set up. To be fair, python and html seemed pretty foriegn to him and at his skill level I feel like it was probably hard to understand everything. In a similar way to talking with Grayson, I did feel like I was able to make sense of everything better by trying to explain things in more relatable ways to him, so I do feel like I benefited in that regard.

As a side note, Noah did tell me that he had different teachers than I did when I took 111 and 112, and it was brought up that he still hasn't really touched on File I/O in the classes he's taken, whereas when I took both classes, we covered File I/O pretty early on. He also said that they were just getting into arrays in 112, which to me seemed like around the time we started on vectors in our class (Although I could be very wrong). I feel like because he hadn't seen those things before, I struggled to find a way to explain things like dictionaries and reading files in a c++ way that he would relate to. I totally understand that every teacher has a different style of teaching and I don't want to discredit the way they teach, but maybe having more standardized foundation classes might help people succeed at higher rates when they move to the upper division courses. Then again, I could be totally wrong and those things could have been covered.