# Design Diary - Flask Blog - 2/11/2020

For this project we were tasked to create a basic website using python's flask framework. I honestly found this project to be my favorite project that I've worked on to date. I really loved how much was possible with flask, how well documented it was, and how easy it was to get started. I found the most fun aspect of this assignment to be the integration between flask/python and html/css. Templating html pages using jinja was extremely interesting to me and was definitely my favorite part of the project. One struggle I had during this project that I overcame was my redirection system where if the user didn't have an active session, if they wanted to go to the index page, they would get redirected to a login/sign-up page instead, and if they were logged in, they would be sent from the login page to the index page. Almost everytime when I tried logging in, it kept redirecting me back to the login page, until I realized that I should check `if request.method == 'POST':` before I checked ` if 'username' in session:`, which fixed the problem. Conversely, a problem that I wasn't able to solve was adding a database and databased based login system. Although I started to figure things out, I was getting errors and didn't want to turn in bad code so I put it in another folder to work on later.

For someone attempting this project in the future, I would highly recommend two things. One of these would be to **definitely** start the assignment as soon as possible, as I noticed one of my group members started very late and as a result struggled. I would also recommend to not be afraid to explore and try and fail because that is really why I feel like everything made sense to me.